Oh
and
Yes
and I hear the siren songs
look around at the points all these people
do not care
yesterday the rain
only dispatch will be made to this
system he hears the sirens singing
I look around me all these songs
Great
sun in the bank the most proud worried
not only species have grouped by
the system torn in a box
Paris for the fourth time in the
week and it's not even the weekend
all my new friends are close to the
star system or my old friends followed his
verve of everyday life geneva is
to be known by playing small cars
now the labels and the groups they
want my signature
with a surfed gene wrote hello
I'm not going to teen that make me
Life has had the handshake tracks
smiles and false christs
first two bottles are gone
too fast or champagne people
listen to people talk
tell me who you know I'll tell you if
the frequencies at doha of the common
mortals so far en route to the
successful hair dressed her footprints
regain fullness in the sense of striking
completely crazy one on the other side
the small screen is sown borrowed among
the big rims leaving the
shiners look around me all these
people who love me
sun before that no longer worries
not only two pests should eat by
the strings
singing the song
look around me all these people who
made
the most selling
what is proven by the system but not
currency risk
walt x shoulder this time you were
closed to advance bygone takes even
no need to have an opinion
I have copy-paste discussions done
of illusions this by touching the horizon to
others any case pison putting base
remain in place the only chances of
abbott position waits for warrants in
his prison I'm in a social dinner
paying the bill
this not in my next film eyes
high bases
the problem is that I still have not
summer and is I lucky the moment
hard life and two years ago I would have
surely insulted over a rhyme of
more and more of your law turns me
around for help
it begins to feel the end I
I still have not phoned for
the birthday of my sister then
I call my manager all three
hours
dad you do not know why sultan all
the two I fuck at the cap d'agde
in the hunt for jazz
anxious toupee little i'm leaving on a trip from
ballet under the eyes
I hear people wanted to look
all
jean thubert
according to yahoo
that of the peaches are eaten by the
system
I hear people from
two rounds 2
before the rain yesterday
what you did not sites
but britney 120 pas-de-calais fast and
I come back my phone dreaming who
get back to vibrating by old point
friend calls me but it's more like
sometimes my ex calls me would not be due
the losing sharks with whom I was typing
the six hours that scratch and have me
pushed to rachel second ris not you are
while he drank champagne world
dehydrated
but in the past it is therefore to
artists to replace but exploited
on researcher at the summer grape of the fn me
I think I lost my banker
warned me the taxes will cost you
shut up at all times I believed that
I was going through I passed
from the life of a mini star to assholes
of history the bank
I come back more than a big fish in
a small step that of his victory but
a middle ground to polka go up the slope
before entering a vicious circle where
have passed the sirens beware of
me all these people who predicted
would preside around
I think I've always made myself
by the system or soca millisieverts of
keep me crazy you know are fulfilled
I think I did not eat
of system
singing sirens
the guard for me all those people who
love me you touch sun before
the rain comes pay you not alone
beans are eaten by the system and
I hear people here real eyes
Copyright
watson
I touch the sun before the rain
do not hold his head
Oh